every time I make pasta I would use this
circle uncovered deep skillet is deep
enough look at how deep it is
so I can do a lot of thing and also look
at this glass lid so I can see what I'm
doing okay
and the great thing about this is it is
so thick this spread heat very evening
with no hot spot you see the whole thing
is evenly heated everywhere the whole
bottom evenly heated no hot spot ahh
more than that look at this this
stainless steel and silicone handle oven
safe up to 400 degree Fahrenheit the
means you can put an oven and finish up
your cooking any time okay so now we're
going to show you how to do one of my
favorite our family favorite that past
sticker here I have some napa cabbage
and I put a tiny bit of salt put it
right here
and then I mix it and I mix it a little
bit and push it down then out a little
while you know what the water will come
out let me show you okay look at this
after a little while I can actually
squeeze the water out okay look at this
this squeeze the water out guess now is
they're nice and soft and then I'm going
to mix this with ground meat you can use
ground turkey ground chicken ground pork
ground beef ground lamb I put it right
here put a tiny bit of mushroom shiitake
mushroom by the time I got off garlic I
love garlic the texture and the ginger
okay and then cornstarch I'm going to
marinate this with a tiny tiny bit of
you know what sesame soil and a tiny bit
of all used to flavor sauce okay these
are the past sticker wrappers you can
find them in the store
otherwise you buy one ton wrappers then
you use a cookie cutter just cut it into
a round shape circular shape and very
simple but this show you everybody can
do at home this is family
are fair okay I put a tiny bit of these
marinated meat and vegetable a one-dish
meal
you got protein you got vegetables you
got carbohydrate there's no trick to it
okay one teaspoon okay
half moon I put a tiny bit of water half
moon okay
snap the edge on one end push with your
second hand push snap push snap push
snap push snap push snap push snap you
know what you'll have perfect pot
sticker like this okay now and that nine
time we have done a few of these ahead
of time we're going to put this over
here and put this over here and we're
going to cook in this beautiful
circulant cover deep skillet heat this
up a little bit not much oil just a tiny
bit one two three four just a teeny tiny
bit of oil okay code it code it it is so
deep you can do all kind of thing and
then I'm going to line this up look at
this one and two and three line them all
up line them all up perfect okay look at
this it's going to be beautiful nice and
golden-brown
look at this nice and golden-brown nice
and golden brown look at that beautiful
now I simply put the water right in here
and this how you do it okay just in case
this splash you see how do it you slide
it on that side and I cover it
okay now let's sit there let it steam
and cook for about five to six minutes
okay Oh almost ready ever this most of
the water evaporated and thus look you
can see this translucent
and it's not sticking that's why I love
this cover circular long deep skillet it
doesn't stick okay potsticker
it doesn't stick when you surf is how
you do it very interesting some of them
I turn it upside down like this
this is upside down upside down and then
this I'll put it on the side like this
I'll put one and two and three this is
the beauty of preparing this past occur
in this circular lon
cover deep skillet serve with two sauces
one is sweet and sour and spicy when
it's savory and spicy with a nutty
flavor